codepen task : https://codepen.io/orionward1/pen/JjWpjWP?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    semantic html, is the utilization of proper tags, to organize with purpose.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    it is used as the markup for a webpage, or the content of it.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    right after a tag that utilizes one, like img, or anchor.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    it is the main header, and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and anchor
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    metadata
    7. What is an id? 
    an id is a single use selector
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    a multi use selector
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    by setting the target attribute to blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    for screen readers, as a description of the image 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section means its grouped inside, whereas div means nothing
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to style markup text
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    multip and single use. Class for a bunch of different images, id for a single header, when using h2 multiple times for example
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with the .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    header nav a {}, to specify a specific group of anchors, placed inside of the header, instead of all anchors on the page
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? 
    a conditional selector, reacting to a users input of many sorts.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* words */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, it will delete things without confirmation
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it will keep track of changes, and help fix newly occuring issues.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as often as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin name-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    git clone repo
    cd into repo
    git checkout -b name-name
    work on stuffs, commit often with
    git commit -m "words and things"
    git status to ensure changes are registering
    git add . to add all changes to staging
    git push origin name-name

    go to git, go to repo, complete pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 